id	19b97b05f30d6ea2
thread_id	19b97b05f30d6ea2
label_ids	UNREAD,CATEGORY_PERSONAL,Label_45,INBOX
from	Gemini <gemini-notes@google.com>
to	vishen@mindvalley.com
subject	Notes: “Exec Meeting” Jan 7, 2026
date	Wed, 07 Jan 2026 09:01:16 +0000

Notes from “Exec Meeting”

These notes have been sent to invited guests in your organization.

Open meeting notes

The content was auto-generated on January 7, 2026, 12:59 PM GMT+04:00 and  
may contain errors.


Summary

Vishen Lakhiani announced a major organizational restructuring involving a  
significant reduction in the non-engineering headcount at Mind Valley and  
the simultaneous launch of four interconnected, tech-based companies—Story  
OS, Vibrantly, Six, and Program Intelligence—in Dubai, which will be  
unified by a central "Intelligence Engine (TAI)." Vishen Lakhiani, who  
plans to step down as CEO of Mind Valley to focus on product development  
for the new entity, Vibe Inc., discussed how AI is shifting the role of  
coders to product design and demonstrated AI solutions like Eliza Day  
Planner for personal productivity and Program Intelligence for automating  
Mind Valley operations and improving customer retention. Key participants,  
including Eni Selfo, Norman Noble, Dario Bianchi, Alex Dogliotti, Marisha  
Lakhiani, Rafay Korai, and Conny Marquez Fajardo, discussed the development  
strategy for Story OS (potentially to be renamed Aristotle), the importance  
of community and network relationships over content for the new platforms,  
and a strategic shift requiring key personnel to dedicate up to 50% of  
their time to the new future, with a goal to launch the new software at the  
Mind Valley University event.


Suggested next steps


Vishen Lakhiani will continue refining Story OS for the next two and a half  
months and then decide with the group at the Q2 strategy meeting if it  
should be launched.

Alex Dogliotti will get the meeting recording to Jenny.

Eni Selfo will send the link of Sarah Snow's platform to Vishen Lakhiani.

Vishen Lakhiani will implement the ability to upload live feedback from  
sessions into Program Intelligence.

Vishen Lakhiani will build a mastery CRM into Program Intelligence and talk  
to Abhishek and Shaft about integrating the stories engine and lifebook,  
respectively, into it.

The group will work together to get the Program Intelligence platform out.

The group will start transferring people to the four new companies in Dubai.

Rafay Korai will figure out how to present and market program intelligence,  
including the study buddy and quizzes, for the pathway model, and confirm  
it will be a separate platform from Mind Valley home.

Norman Noble will let Vishen Lakhiani know when he is ready to test the  
Vibrantly web app.

Alex Dogliotti and Rafay Korai will connect to discuss the intentional  
strategy around membership and academy, considering its importance as the  
number one revenue generator while developing the rest of the business.


Meeting records Document Notes by Gemini


Is the summary section in this email helpful?
Not Useful Email Useful Email


Google LLC, 1600 Ampitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA

You have received this email because meeting artifacts were initiated in  
Google Meet.



