id	19be0a544fa143aa
thread_id	19be0a544fa143aa
label_ids	UNREAD,CATEGORY_PERSONAL,Label_45,INBOX
from	Gemini <gemini-notes@google.com>
to	vishen@mindvalley.com
subject	Notes: “Premium Programs Weekly Aligment ” Jan 21, 2026
date	Wed, 21 Jan 2026 13:01:25 +0000

Notes from “Premium Programs Weekly Aligment ”

These notes have been sent to invited guests in your organization.

Open meeting notes

The content was auto-generated on January 21, 2026, 12:59 PM GMT and may  
contain errors.


Summary


Francesca Facio Crespo informed the team of Vision's need to take one week  
off per month for learning, starting February 23rd to 27th, which will  
require rescheduling some Entrepreneurship Mastery classes, and also  
requested displaying the day of the week and London time for Vision's  
calls. Jaideep Chagger confirmed the AI Accelerator launch plan includes a  
webinar on January 31st and the program on February 6th–7th, which will be  
offered as a bonus for AI Mastery students and will have a revamped  
curriculum focusing on "cloning" using AI, as discussed by Jaideep Chagger,  
Marta Vusyatytska, and Janja, with Marta Vusyatytska also addressing  
speaker concerns by confirming they would invite a new speaker, Iman with  
an 'E'. Francesca Facio Crespo also reported that Ajit is defining the  
Manifesting Certification coaching curriculum, which starts next Tuesday,  
with Tom Kirby offering slots to schedule extra sessions to deliver missing  
live event content, and also discussed potential CLC authors, including  
Richard Stratzy and Nick Santanosi, while Tom Kirby shared feedback on an  
Entrepreneurship Mastery speaker, and Jaideep Chagger noted urgent fixes  
needed for Manifesting Certification NPS reports not feeding into the  
engagement dashboard.


Suggested next steps


Marta Vusyatytska will coordinate with Francesca Facio Crespo to reschedule  
some people in entrepreneurship mastery due to Vision taking one week off  
per month for February and March.

Marta Vusyatytska will schedule the meeting for Eric, Vacantas, and Vision  
this Friday after the strategy meeting to work on the AI accelerator agenda.

Janja will send an email tomorrow to CMAC students confirming the coaching  
curriculum and schedule, and noting that additional lessons will be  
scheduled.

Francesca Facio Crespo will review the pending action items document for  
the live event and define a to-do list for Janja and the group by the end  
of the week.

Marta Vusyatytska will book a conversation with Francesca Facio Crespo  
tomorrow to discuss the CLC proposal and structure with Nick Santanosi, and  
introduce Francesca Facio Crespo to Chris D to book a call to discuss his  
lessons.

Marta Vusyatytska will follow up with Chris D's team to get a confirmation  
of his lesson details for the 29th by Friday so customer coms can be sent  
out.

Francesca Facio Crespo will remind Dawn to sign the agreement for spiritual  
mastery during their meeting tonight.

Tom Kirby will look into why the NPS reports for manifesting is not feeding  
and let Jaideep Chagger know by tomorrow.

Jaideep Chagger will share the AI link with the revamped accelerator  
curriculum.

Tom Kirby will add two formula fields to Vision's air table view to  
calculate the day of the week and London time for his upcoming calls.

Francesca Facio Crespo will work with Jasmine to legally inform students  
that they cannot teach the Kundalini and energy activations and will finish  
the note about what students can and cannot teach.

Francesca Facio Crespo will post the coaching segment start date and  
calendar booking information on six and in the WhatsApp group.

Tom Kirby will provide three or four separate slots, ideally Wednesdays at  
3:00 pm London time, with a free host (Bianca or another host), to schedule  
additional 90-minute content sessions for CMAC with Vision and Rean.

Francesca Facio Crespo will update the air table when AGIT provides the  
final coaching curriculum updates and will schedule the missing content  
lessons with Vision and Rean.

Tom Kirby will remind Ela and Biana to start doing day of the week and  
London time for the link they are using for Vision's calls.


Meeting records Document Notes by Gemini


Is the summary section in this email helpful?
Not Useful Email Useful Email


Google LLC, 1600 Ampitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA

You have received this email because meeting artifacts were initiated in  
Google Meet.



