id	19be0327a55285cd
thread_id	19be0327a55285cd
label_ids	UNREAD,CATEGORY_PERSONAL,Label_45,INBOX
from	Gemini <gemini-notes@google.com>
to	vishen@mindvalley.com
subject	Notes: “Strategy Days” Jan 21, 2026
date	Wed, 21 Jan 2026 10:56:02 +0000

Notes from “Strategy Days”

These notes have been sent to invited guests in your organization.

Open meeting notes

The content was auto-generated on January 21, 2026, 10:54 AM GMT and may  
contain errors.


Summary


Vishen Lakhiani proposed the creation of Vibe Inc. as a separate, AI-native  
software company distinct from Mind Valley, which will focus on building an  
ecosystem of products, including the To-Do Manager with an Intelligence  
Engine, the Learning Mastery Platform, Vibrantly (health and longevity  
pillar), and the Six app (a people introduction and real-world meeting  
platform). Someone in Envisioning Room @ 23A, Dario, and Alex Dogliotti,  
along with other participants like Shafiu Hussain and Justine Ausha Smith,  
discussed the strategic separation of the two companies, the importance of  
a common UX and centralized authentication through TIE, and the plan to  
transition Mind Valley's membership platform to a commodity vendor to  
simplify operations and reduce engineering cost. Key product updates  
included a demo of the Vibrantly app's biomarker analysis and longevity  
score calculation by Shafiu Hussain, and an overview of the Six app's  
network, chat features, and web app development by Justine Ausha Smith.


Suggested next steps


Vishen Lakhiani will add PRD documentation notes to the Vibe products air  
table.

Shafiu Hussain will share a cost calculation/estimation for the pricing.

Someone in Envisioning Room @ 23A will come back with the proper costing  
and recommendations for the meeting on Monday.

Someone in Envisioning Room @ 23A will discuss the mobile app development  
decision during the six deep dive meeting next week to avoid wasting  
resources on the old app.

Justine Ausha Smith will send the login details for the six app after the  
call to Vishen Lakhiani and the executive team, ensuring Vishen Lakhiani  
gets 'vision@mindval.com' super admin access to the staging site  
immediately.

The group will have more discussions and a deep dive on the strategy for  
six.

Someone in Envisioning Room @ 23A will conduct an analysis of commodity  
platforms over the next month, including options, trade-offs, potential  
resources freed up, and the possibilities and constraints of using that  
platform.

Vishen Lakhiani will fork the company by the end of this month by creating  
a new company called Vibe Inc. with its own Air Table and OKRs, starting  
with a smaller and leaner team based on the age of AI.

Vishen Lakhiani will build the academy platform and an intelligence to  
extract knowledge from it for clients and sales, as well as the marketing  
pages, quizzes, landing pages, and a directory to show prospective  
customers what content is included in what pillar using platform  
intelligence.


Meeting records Document Notes by Gemini


Is the summary section in this email helpful?
Not Useful Email Useful Email


Google LLC, 1600 Ampitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA

You have received this email because meeting artifacts were initiated in  
Google Meet.



