id	19c32a6a4ed96c46
thread_id	19c32a6a4ed96c46
label_ids	UNREAD,CATEGORY_PERSONAL,Label_45,INBOX
from	Gemini <gemini-notes@google.com>
to	vishen@mindvalley.com
subject	Notes: “FinerMinds - Sync” Feb 6, 2026
date	Fri, 06 Feb 2026 11:11:47 +0000

Notes from “FinerMinds - Sync”

These notes have been sent to invited guests in your organization.

Open meeting notes

The content was auto-generated on February 6, 2026, 11:10 AM GMT and may  
contain errors.


Summary


Logo Concept Rejected
The team presented a logo concept for Phine Minds, which was rejected  
because the yellow and blue colors gave it a childlike feel, conflicting  
with the required sophisticated and elite brand identity.

Navigation Structure Mandate
The CEO strongly insisted on strict adherence to previous navigation  
decisions, demanding the immediate implementation of a left-side menu  
structure that prominently features "My Network" and the visible "Super  
Admin" identity.

Subgroup Content Structure Decided
The primary decision was made to structure Level Three content  
as "subgroups" functionally similar to Level Two groups, utilizing  
Getstream for chat and activity feeds to ensure platform scalability and  
content discovery.


Suggested next steps


Shamas Bedi will update the colors and design for the social network toward  
luxury and sophistication, by (1) experimenting with an alternative of F  
and the Nexus icon, (2) trying a stylized serif F, and (3) looking at the  
option of having the entire Finer Minds text in serif font.

Shafiu Hussain and Bruno Azenha Goncalves will restructure the PRDS to  
reflect that groups and subgroups have the same level of functionality but  
are nested with a member access layer.

Euson Chew and Shafiu Hussain will redraft the PRDS and align it with  
Vishen Lakhiani, including the new versioning details.

Euson Chew and Shafiu Hussain will create details and a plan regarding the  
structure of 'following' versus 'close friends' for the next meeting, with  
Eliza analyzing it.

Shamas Bedi and Chee Ling Wong will discuss and crack on with the logo  
design work.


Meeting records Document Notes by Gemini


Is the summary section in this email helpful?
Not Useful Email Useful Email


Google LLC, 1600 Ampitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA

You have received this email because meeting artifacts were initiated in  
Google Meet.



