id	19be54b915852696
thread_id	19be54b915852696
label_ids	UNREAD,CATEGORY_PERSONAL,Label_45,INBOX
from	Gemini <gemini-notes@google.com>
to	vishen@mindvalley.com
subject	Notes: “Strategy Days” Jan 22, 2026
date	Thu, 22 Jan 2026 10:41:32 +0000

Notes from “Strategy Days”

These notes have been sent to invited guests in your organization.

Open meeting notes

The content was auto-generated on January 22, 2026, 10:39 AM GMT and may  
contain errors.


Summary


Jenny Sohn reported a decreased payment plan ratio, reduced ad spend, and  
an improved gross margin for 2025, while also clarifying that a 5.5 million  
litigation settlement accrual and VAT expenses contributed to a 4.7% net  
loss. Vishen Lakhiani stressed the critical shift to prioritizing leanness  
and profitability over growth by drastically reducing the 2026 revenue  
target to around 100 million and pivoting the business model to "training  
with software." someone in Envisioning Room @ 23A detailed the strategy to  
transition the platform from content consumption to a "human transformation  
system," which includes establishing a "squad" model for pathway ownership,  
focusing on organic revenue growth, and shortening long mastery programs.  
Alex Dogliotti and Eni Selfo contributed to discussions regarding the 2026  
budget, the need for a backup strategy to membership dependency, and the  
logistics of upcoming summits and program changes.


Suggested next steps


Jenny Sohn will send the slide deck, ensuring that the columns are clearly  
labeled with the years 2024 and 2025 instead of 'actual' and 'last year'.

Someone in Envisioning Room @ 23A will remove Wildfit completely out of  
membership, but can keep it for existing signed-up members for a month.

Someone in Envisioning Room @ 23A will reforcast the budget and present  
back to Vishen Lakhiani to show how realistic growth can be achieved while  
also creating cash and bank by focusing on efficiency and cutting  
non-performing channels.

Vishen Lakhiani will hold the live master class for the Silva Masterass on  
February 3rd.

Someone in Envisioning Room @ 23A will work with Vishen Lakhiani to build  
the entire funnel for the new manifesting master class.

Eni Selfo will share the dashboard information from Air Table with the  
group.

Eni Selfo, Vishen Lakhiani, and The group will schedule a strategy call  
with Barry within the next week to isolate and lock in a new model for  
summits and masteries.

Vishen Lakhiani and The group will centralize the financial model and the  
sales model so that it is structured and not created ad-hoc for every  
summit or mastery.

The group will focus on testing the evergreen funnel for certification  
using hypnotherapy with Paul McKenna on a colder audience.

Eni Selfo will send the calendar invites for the Manifesting Summit in LA  
on May 15th and 16th and put the dates on Vishen Lakhiani's travel  
spreadsheet.

Alex Dogliotti will ensure the OKR system is synced with Air Table and not  
Bamboo HR, as Air Table is the single source of truth.

Vishen Lakhiani will finalize the authentication to use for the OKR  
platform (which will be a Vibe Inc. tool), and will work with someone in  
Envisioning Room @ 23A, Mule, and Bruno to configure the optimal shared  
authentication using Superbase for the independent applications.

Eni Selfo will finalize the contractual elements with Barry, join the  
strategy call, look at moving the AI summit to the following weekend (March  
20th, 21st, and 22nd), and reach out to the speakers.

Vishen Lakhiani will build a system for the entire company to see his  
travel and weekly schedule.

Someone in Envisioning Room @ 23A and Vishen Lakhiani will build a software  
that is the front end of the OKR system, which they will roll out on Air  
Table.

Vishen Lakhiani and someone in Envisioning Room @ 23A will focus on the  
exec OKRs as the strategy before working on team and individual OKRs.


Meeting records Document Notes by Gemini


Is the summary section in this email helpful?
Not Useful Email Useful Email


Google LLC, 1600 Ampitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA

You have received this email because meeting artifacts were initiated in  
Google Meet.



