id	19bfeab43249f075
thread_id	19bfeab43249f075
label_ids	UNREAD,CATEGORY_PERSONAL,Label_45,INBOX
from	Gemini <gemini-notes@google.com>
to	vishen@mindvalley.com
subject	Notes: “Weekly- Revenue Meeting” Jan 27, 2026
date	Tue, 27 Jan 2026 08:56:34 +0000

Notes from “Weekly- Revenue Meeting”

These notes have been sent to invited guests in your organization.

Open meeting notes

The content was auto-generated on January 27, 2026, 8:54 AM GMT and may  
contain errors.


Summary


Jill Tan reported that month-to-date sales reached $6.2 million against a  
$10.3 million target, a 21% year-over-year decrease, leading Rafay Korai to  
announce a revision of the annual target from $128 million to $110 million  
to prioritize efficiency, which Charles Cox noted must include increasing  
conversion rates, as ad spend efficiency has been challenging. Rafay Korai  
confirmed that the "pathway" strategy is the primary focus, with Jaideep  
Chagger and Eni Selfo planning the "Speaking" pathway and Jaideep Chagger  
confirming the development of the AI Accelerator curriculum, while Vishen  
Lakhiani requested more scheduled time with the team for deep dives into  
content creation and showcased "Program Intelligence," a new platform for  
content generation. Vishen Lakhiani, Dario Bianchi, and Norman Noble  
discussed the technical architecture for the new application ecosystem,  
including Blink Life, Tribali, and Vibrantly, with Norman Noble scheduling  
a design meeting for Monday at 4:00 pm Malaysia time to align on the  
complex architecture required for TAI, the proactive AI system.


Suggested next steps


Charles Cox will reduce the spend on some of the Google activity this week  
to reduce financial risk and optimize what is left.

Charles Cox will launch all campaigns in the new ad account on Meta pathway  
by pathway, starting with manifesting for the English and US markets today,  
and then entrepreneurship.

Rafay Korai will ask Har and Shubam to book at least two to three hours of  
meeting time with Vishen Lakhiani every week to go deep into content  
creation.

Eni Selfo will follow up with Vicentas and Eric at Medis and decide which  
Iman to invite to the AI accelerator to discuss cloning visual clones.

Vishen Lakhiani and Jaideep Chagger will sync up for 15-20 minutes today so  
Jaideep Chagger can provide a briefing for Vishen Lakhiani to shoot the  
invite video.

Eni Selfo and Rafay Korai will work with Marishia to determine which  
existing author programs and funnels to make live for the pathways.

Norman Noble will work out how to book a weekly one-on-one call with Vishen  
Lakhiani.

Norman Noble will share the Figma file with Vishen Lakhiani in the group  
they created.

Vishen Lakhiani will work on an air table with better labeling so that it  
is clear what is in the baseline codes.


Meeting records Document Notes by Gemini


Is the summary section in this email helpful?
Not Useful Email Useful Email


Google LLC, 1600 Ampitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA

You have received this email because meeting artifacts were initiated in  
Google Meet.



