id	19b9d6f4fcbf1328
thread_id	19b9d6f4fcbf1328
label_ids	UNREAD,CATEGORY_PERSONAL,Label_45,INBOX
from	Gemini <gemini-notes@google.com>
to	vishen@mindvalley.com
subject	Notes: “Campaigns Strategy” Jan 8, 2026
date	Thu, 08 Jan 2026 11:47:55 +0000

Notes from “Campaigns Strategy”

These notes have been sent to invited guests in your organization.

Open meeting notes

The content was auto-generated on January 8, 2026, 3:33 PM GMT+04:00 and  
may contain errors.


Summary

Ramya Rednam presented the year's campaign calendar, and Vishen Lakhiani  
and Marisha Lakhiani decided to scrap the Wildfit launch due to negative  
experiences with the author, Eric, opting instead to focus on the AI  
accelerator and a potential BE or Silva masterclass. Marisha Lakhiani, Will  
Paddison, and Ramya Rednam agreed to prioritize the high-revenue potential  
AI accelerator and the Certified Life Coach campaign, one of the  
best-performing certifications, scheduling the AI accelerator launch  
weekend for January 24th and 25th, which Vishen Lakhiani confirmed they  
could do. Vishen Lakhiani delegated complete ownership of the calendar and  
campaign decisions to Marisha Lakhiani and outlined new responsibilities  
for Ramya Rednam, Marisha Lakhiani, and Rafi, while Will Paddison provided  
Ramya Rednam with an AirTable view detailing the filming plan for the  
Social Media Summit to clarify necessary assets and shooting schedules.


Suggested next steps


Marisha Lakhiani will build a quiz for the AI accelerator to add to lead  
capture for the email list.

Ramya Rednam will check the AirTable view and add in input for the social  
media mastery sales assets, and then converse with JD about what he needs.

Marisha Lakhiani and Ramya Rednam will meet with Jay Deep on Tuesday to  
decide the exact flow for the AI accelerator seminar, what needs to be put  
together, and how to optimize the page.

Marisha Lakhiani and Ramya Rednam will meet to take Vishen Lakhiani through  
the AI accelerator and certified life coach campaign designs, lock in the  
key messages, and move to production.


Meeting records Document Notes by Gemini Video Recording


Is the summary section in this email helpful?
Not Useful Email Useful Email


Google LLC, 1600 Ampitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA

You have received this email because meeting artifacts were initiated in  
Google Meet.



