id	19bfa098fd465ae5
thread_id	19bfa098fd465ae5
label_ids	UNREAD,CATEGORY_PERSONAL,Label_45,INBOX
from	Gemini <gemini-notes@google.com>
to	vishen@mindvalley.com
subject	Notes: “INNOVATION Focus [Vibrantly, Six, MV SaaS Solutions]” Jan 26, 2026
date	Mon, 26 Jan 2026 11:21:28 +0000

Notes from “INNOVATION Focus [Vibrantly, Six, MV SaaS Solutions]”

These notes have been sent to invited guests in your organization.

Open meeting notes

The content was auto-generated on January 26, 2026, 11:19 AM GMT and may  
contain errors.


Summary


Vishen Lakhiani, Shafiu Hussain, Dario Bianchi, Bruno Azenha Goncalves,  
Justine Ausha Smith, Norman Noble, Euson Chew, Reuben Teo, Chee Ling Wong,  
and Shamas Bedi discussed the strategy for the six mobile application,  
agreeing on a full rebuild in React Native due to the high cost and  
technological misalignment of salvaging the current single-tenant legacy  
app. Key decisions included uncoupling the core business logic of the  
current app into a shared backend API, shifting authentication to Superbase  
initially with a plan for a federated Vibe Inc. ecosystem, and reframing  
the six app's vision into an event platform and marketplace model, which  
led to the decision to drop non-essential features like people  
recommendations and network-wide event scheduling. Vishen Lakhiani also  
pushed for using AI coding and the GSD framework for faster in-house  
development, tasked Justine Ausha Smith with brand name research for the  
Vibe Inc. apps, and directed Euson Chew to revert the "resources" feature  
to the original specification focused on link sharing and the functional  
tag manager.


Suggested next steps


Norman Noble will spend a couple of days examining authentication options  
for a federated system, and discuss with Bruno Azenha Goncalves and Malay  
on the best options.

Bruno Azenha Goncalves will spend about a week to uncouple the back end  
from the front end, and plan the decomposition of the current application  
to create a backend application for both the app and web application.

Justine Ausha Smith will always convert currency to USD to prevent delays  
in meetings.

Dario Bianchi will book time with Vishen Lakhiani to have him explain his  
ideas, take notes, and translate them into a document that the team can  
understand.

Justine Ausha Smith will ensure that Shamas Bedi and Chee Ling Wong are  
included in the conversation about the new product naming ideas and lead  
the research to decide on one name for the Vibe Inc. applications.

Bruno Azenha Goncalves will confirm with the premium programs concierge  
team about discontinuing the six app and providing a clear migration  
strategy to the new version of six.

Bruno Azenha Goncalves and Norman Noble will book a call with some of the  
Everest folks to discuss keeping or discontinuing their work power.

Bruno Azenha Goncalves will help Vishen Lakhiani set up the current version  
of the six application with Docker during a 30-minute call at 9:30 pm  
Vishen Lakhiani's time today, and will send him the link and information  
needed to install Docker beforehand.

Justine Ausha Smith will set up calls this week to go deeper into the other  
sections of the application.

Vishen Lakhiani will create a briefing file and a PRD for the tag manager  
feature and share it with the team to replicate the feature in another  
application.

The group will attend a GSD framework meeting with Shafiu Hussain tomorrow  
at 11:00 am London time.

Euson Chew and Justine Ausha Smith will implement the tagging system and  
resource system as specified by Vishen Lakhiani, ensuring that the  
resources belong to a group and are not shared across the entire network.

Shamas Bedi and Chee Ling Wong will finalize two or three brand names from  
the list and start mocking them up within the platform.

Chee Ling Wong will be given access to the air table and will come up with  
a proposal by tomorrow or Wednesday.

Vishen Lakhiani will get Claude's opinion on the domain names.


Meeting records Document Notes by Gemini


Is the summary section in this email helpful?
Not Useful Email Useful Email


Google LLC, 1600 Ampitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA

You have received this email because meeting artifacts were initiated in  
Google Meet.



